This README will briefly cover the function and motivations behind each file in this directory.

This folder, np-graphs, contains the various graphs that make up the np:Assertion and full nanopublication parts of the DIKB-Micropublications project.

The first file in this folder is "processed-dikb-ddis-for-nanopub.csv". This file is a stripped down version of the full processed DIKB file found in the data/mp-graphs directory. It essentially contains a mapping of the claim URI to the type of claim, the subject URI, and the object URI, whic is used to develop the np:Assertions by the "dikb_mp_to_np_assertion.py" script in the scripts/np-scripts directory.
 
The second file in this folder is "dikb-np-assertion.trig". This file is in TriG format and contains all the named graphs for the np:Assertions developed by he "dikb_mp_to_np_assertion.py" script in the scripts/np-scripts directory. These np:Assertions were developed from the "mp:Claim"s in the "inferred-graph-oa-mp.xml" file located in the data/mp-graphs directory and include a reference to these claims by using a new micropublication term, mp:formalizes/mp:formalizedAs. This file must be uploaded to Virtuoso 6.1 using the isql-vt rdf_loader, as Virtuoso conductor does not accept Trig format. This file also must be uploaded alongside the "inferred-graph-oa-mp.xml" file, as this file does not in itself contain the micropublication information, but instead just references it. 

The third file in this folder is "dikb-full-nanopublications.trig". This file is also in TriG format and contains all the named graphs for the nanopublications developed by the "dikb_np_assertion_to_nanopublication.py" script, located in the scripts/np-scripts directory. These nanopublications contain the publisherInfo and provenance for all of np:Assertions that met the belief criteria. This file must be uploaded to Virtuoso 6.1 using the isql-vt rdf_loader, as Virtuoso conductor does not accept Trig format. This file must also be uploaded alongside the "dikb-np-assertion.trig" file, as it does not contain the np:Assertion information, but just references it.

The fourth file in this folder is "dikb-np-assertion-for-inference.xml". This is a file that was produced from a 'rapper' command, converting the "dikb-np-assertion.trig" file described above into xml format so that it could be run through Protege for inference.

The fifth file in this foulder is "dikb-np-assertion-inferred.xml". This file contains the inferred results of the previously mentioned xml file. This is a very important file in our project because it contains the inferred property chains from our np:Assertions. These property chains can be found by searching for DIDEO_00000090.